WIP: Designing and maintaining an API standard (#417)
UKHomeOffice/engineering-guidance-and-standards: docs/standards/designing-and-maintaining-an-api.md

---
layout: standard
order: 1
title: Designing and Maintaining an API
date: 2024-10-14
id: SEGAS-00015
tags:
  - Software design
  - API Design
related:
  sections:
    - title: Related links
      items:
        - text: Minimal documentation set for a product
          href: /standards/minimal-documentation-set-for-a-product/
        - text: How to document APIs
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/how-to-document-apis
        - text: Writing API Reference Documentation
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/writing-api-reference-documentation
---

> ---

Reviewer: We expect that there should be an overarching description for the standard here. If you are happy that the rest of the standard is largely nailed down then you can get this written in (if you are still looking to solidify other parts then it can wait). 
https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/standards/writing-a-standard/

## Requirement(s)

> - [You MUST include a form of versioning to your API](#you-must-include-a-form-of-versioning-to-your-api)

Reviewer: Might be worth testing these links work somewhere, I can't remember how closely the anchor link needs to match the actual heading in the page below

- [You MUST have appropriate status codes returning from each endpoint](#you-must-have-appropriate-status-codes-returning-from-each-endpoint)
- [You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names](#you-must-use-appropriate-nouns-for-resource-names)
- [You MUST include some way to observe your API](#you-must-include-some-way-to-observe-your-api)
- [You MUST consider security](#you-must-consider-security)
- [You MUST validate inputs](#you-must-validate-inputs)
- [You MUST consider authentication and authorisation](#you-must-consider-authentication-and-authorisation)
- [You MUST test your API](#you-must-test-your-api)
- [You MUST consider scalability of your API](#you-must-consider-scalability-of-your-api)
- [You MUST use an API Specification](#you-must-use-an-api-specification)

> ### You MUST include a form of versioning to your API and consider how you may deprecate a version

Reviewer: Would consider whether the point on deprecation would be better in the description of the requirement, would shorten the heading, and could elaborate on it some more

It is good practice to maintain and keep a good versioning of your API where appropriate, when using versioning it is recommended we follow the [semver standards](https://semver.org).

There are a few [different ways of versioning](https://www.xmatters.com/blog/blog-four-rest-api-versioning-strategies) an API, via the URI path, query parameters or headers. You will also need to decide a versioning strategy, whether that be per endpoint or for the whole API.

### You MUST have appropriate status codes returning from each endpoint 

Your API endpoints must return the relevant status code for each endpoint, for example a 403 if a user doesn't have access.

It's important that the correct status codes are used as these are recognisable codes and can make it easier to debug for any consumers.

The Mozilla Foundation has a [definitive list of status codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status), and what they mean and do.

### You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names

> Your API resources must follow RESTful resource naming standards as outlined on the restful API [resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/).

Reviewer: Do we expect people developing other types of API (e.g. GraphQL) to follow the same naming convention? If so then I would make that clear

### You MUST include some way to observe your API 

When maintaining an API we must have a way to make sure that is in good health and there is a way to trace activity.

It is recommended that logs are used however the sensitivity of the data logged must also be considered.

> Metrics is also a good way to understand the current state of your API, as developers will be able to track and observe in real time any issues or downtime via alerts that can be set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics are also a good way to understand the current state of your API, as developers will be able to track and observe in real time any issues or downtime via alerts that can be set up.
```

There's some useful info on the [GOV.UK GDS guidance](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/gds-api-technical-and-data-standards#operate-your-api).

### You MUST apply security best practices

Considering security will help keep your API secure and up to date, things like updating dependencies, IT health checks and considering what happens to user data will help here. The [security principles and standards](https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/tags/security/) should help you to understand more of what is required.

### You MUST validate inputs

> Input validation is the processing a verifying data entered into the API by other systems or users. The aim is to prevent invalid, malicious or malformed inputs. This increases the security of your API if you check for exploits such as [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/) and [injection attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Theory) among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input validation is the process of verifying data entered into the API by other systems or users. The aim is to prevent invalid, malicious or malformed inputs. This increases the security of your API if you check for exploits such as [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/) and [injection attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Theory) among others.
```

> Making sure database queries are also secure from malicious actors by using parameterused queries is also important to make your API secure.

Author: Thanks!

### You MUST consider authentication and authorisation

> Authentication and authorisation could be really important for your API, this can mean restricting certain tasks or functions to a limited number of users. A user should have the least privilege possible. Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is an example of how to implement this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication and authorisation are really important for API, this can mean restricting certain tasks or functions to a limited number of users. A user should have the least privilege possible. Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is an example of how to implement this.
```
Could also link to the Zero Trust principle https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/principles/zero-trust/

### You MUST test your API 

You should test your API, there's more information on the developer testing standard.

This helps keep code to a high quality and helps gain assurance that your API is working correctly and can be deployed safely to production.

Using integration tests, checking errors and status codes can help maintain quality within your API and build confidence that all is working as expected.

Load testing is also important to make sure your API handles the projected number of users that your API will handle.

### You MUST consider scalability of your API

> Knowing how your API scales helps to make sure your API is resilient, can handle peaks of traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knowing how your API scales helps to make sure your API is resilient and can handle peaks of traffic.
```

> Often using stateless approach to designing an API can help horizontally scale an API. Using techniques such as asynchronous code, multithreading and an event driven approach can all help scale your API.

Reviewer: This sentence could be tidied up a little

### You MUST use an API Specification

> Using an API Specification will help define your API endpoints, support is wide, with a wide community using it. It helps the team work to the same standards, and it can generate documentation when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using an API Specification will help define your API endpoints, support is wide, with a wide community using it.
```
Not quite sure what is being said here?

---
layout: standard
order: 1
title: Designing and Maintaining an API
date: 2024-05-07
id: SEGAS-XXX
tags:
  - Software design
  - API Design
related:
  sections:
    - title: Related links
      items:
        - text: Minimal documentation set for a product
          href: /standards/minimal-documentation-set-for-a-product/
        - text: How to document APIs
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/how-to-document-apis
        - text: Writing API Reference Documentation
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/writing-api-reference-documentation
---

---

## Requirement(s)

- [You MUST include a form of versioning to your API](#you-must-include-a-form-of-versioning-to-your-api)
- [You MUST have appropriate status codes returning from each endpoint](#you-must-have-appropriate-status-codes-returning-from-each-endpoint)
- [You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names](#you-must-use-appropriate-nouns-for-resource-names)
- [You MUST include some way to observe your API](#you-must-include-some-way-to-observe-your-api)

> - [You MUST consider security](#you-must-consider-security)

Author: Update this.

- [You MUST test your API](#you-must-test-your-api)
- [You MUST consider scalability of your API](#you-must-consider-scalability-of-your-api)
- [You MUST consider using microservices](#you-must-consider-using-microservices)
- [You MUST cache responses when appropriate](#you-must-cache-responses-when-appropriate)

> - [You MUST use OpenAPI Swagger v3](#you-must-use-openapi-swagger-v3)

Author: ```suggestion
- [You MUST use OpenAPI Swagger](#you-must-use-openapi-swagger)
```

### You MUST validate inputs

Input validation is the processing a verifying data entered into the API by other systems or users. The aim is to prevent invalid, malicious or malformed inputs. This increases the security of your API if you check for exploits such as [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/) and [injection attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Theory) among others.

### You MUST consider authentication and authorisation

Authentication and authorisation could be really important for your API, this can mean restricting certain tasks or functions to a limited number of users. A user should have the least privilege possible. Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is an example of how to implement this.

### You MUST test your API 

You should test your API, there's more information on the developer testing standard.

This helps keep code to a high quality and helps gain assurance that your API is working correctly and can be deployed safely to production.

> Using unit, contract, and NFR testing helps give an overall picture on the quality of your API.

Author: Talk a little bit more about what should be tested in an API. Not unit, more integration, checking errors, status codes etc.

### You MUST consider scalability of your API

Knowing how your API scales helps to make sure your API is resilient, can handle peaks of traffic.

Often using stateless approach to designing an API can help horizontally scale an API.

> ### You MUST consider using microservices
> 
> Using microservices can help scaling parts of your API independently it also helps shorten your path to live as you can deploy apps separately. So only the app with changes can be deployed.
> 
> If your API isn't suitable for using microservices, then using a monolithic API may be required.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

After discussion in the SD guild, we thought this may be better as a pattern

> ### You MUST cache responses when appropriate
> 
> Caching will help reduce load on your API, give the user a better service as it will be quicker. However, caching should not be included on endpoints with any sensitive data or authenication methods.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

Same as above, this should be a pattern rather than as part of a standard

### You MUST use OpenAPI Swagger

> Any new APIs must use Swagger, using it will help defining an API before it's implemented, support is wide, with a wide community using it. It helps the team work to the same standards, and it can generate documentation when needed.

Author: Talk more benefits, keeping to Open API spec.

### You MUST include a form of versioning to your API

It is good practice to maintain and keep a good versioning of your API where appropriate, when using versioning it is recommended we follow the [semver standards](https://semver.org).

There are a few [different ways of versioning](https://www.xmatters.com/blog/blog-four-rest-api-versioning-strategies) an API, via the URI path, query parameters or headers. You will also need to decide a versioning strategy, whether that be per endpoint or for the whole API.

You should also consider how a version should be deprecated and communicate this to any consumers.

### You MUST return appropriate status codes from each endpoint

Your API endpoints must return the relevant status code for each endpoint, for example a 403 if a user doesn't have access.

It's important that the correct status codes are used as these are recognisable codes and can make it easier to debug for any consumers.

The Mozilla Foundation has a [definitive list of status codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status), and what they mean and do.

### You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names

> Using appropiate nouns for resource names rather than actions, because nouns describe the data, and can be used hierarchically to allow a consumer to navigate an API more easily. An example may be to use /devices to list all devices and /devices/:id to list the attributes of a particular device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using appropriate nouns for resource names rather than actions, because nouns describe the data, and can be used hierarchically to allow a consumer to navigate an API more easily. An example may be to use /devices to list all devices and /devices/:id to list the attributes of a particular device.
```

> Although this advice is given on the [RESTful resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/) it details a recommended approach to help regardless of the type of API (RESTful, GraphQL etc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although this advice is given on the [RESTful resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/) it details a recommended approach to help regardless of the type of API (RESTful, GraphQL etc.).
```

---
layout: standard
order: 1
title: Designing and Maintaining an API
date: 2024-10-14
id: SEGAS-00015
tags:
  - Software design
  - API Design
related:
  sections:
    - title: Related links
      items:
        - text: Minimal documentation set for a product
          href: /standards/minimal-documentation-set-for-a-product/
        - text: How to document APIs
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/how-to-document-apis
        - text: Writing API Reference Documentation
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/writing-api-reference-documentation
---

When designing an API aspects such as naming and versioning will help with not only the maintenance of the API, but also help the consumers of your API.

> Been clear about how your API can be used, and what is happening can help a consumer build a better applicationby adding proper error messaging as well as using the latest versions of endpoints.

Reviewer 3: A few typos on this line I think? `Been clear`, `and what is happening`, `applicationby`

---

## Requirement(s)

- [You MUST include a form of versioning to your API](#you-must-include-a-form-of-versioning-to-your-api)

> - [You MUST have appropriate status codes returning from each endpoint](#you-must-have-appropriate-status-codes-returning-from-each-endpoint)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [You MUST have return appropriate status codes from each endpoint](#you-must-have-appropriate-status-codes-returning-from-each-endpoint)
```

- [You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names](#you-must-use-appropriate-nouns-for-resource-names)
- [You MUST include some way to observe your API](#you-must-include-some-way-to-observe-your-api)
- [You MUST apply security best practices](#you-must-apply-security-best-practices)
- [You MUST validate inputs](#you-must-validate-inputs)
- [You MUST consider authentication and authorisation](#you-must-consider-authentication-and-authorisation)
- [You MUST test your API](#you-must-test-your-api)
- [You MUST consider scalability of your API](#you-must-consider-scalability-of-your-api)
- [You MUST use an API Specification](#you-must-use-an-api-specification)

### You MUST include a form of versioning to your API

It is good practice to maintain and keep a good versioning of your API where appropriate, when using versioning it is recommended we follow the [semver standards](https://semver.org).

There are a few [different ways of versioning](https://www.xmatters.com/blog/blog-four-rest-api-versioning-strategies) an API, via the URI path, query parameters or headers. You will also need to decide a versioning strategy, whether that be per endpoint or for the whole API.

> You should also consider how you a version should be depreciated, and communicate this with any consumers.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You should also consider how a version should be deprecated and communicate this to any consumers.
```

> ### You MUST have appropriate status codes returning from each endpoint 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### You MUST return appropriate status codes from each endpoint
```

Your API endpoints must return the relevant status code for each endpoint, for example a 403 if a user doesn't have access.

It's important that the correct status codes are used as these are recognisable codes and can make it easier to debug for any consumers.

The Mozilla Foundation has a [definitive list of status codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status), and what they mean and do.

### You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names

Using appropiate nouns for resource names rather than actions, because nouns describe the data, and can be used hierarchically to allow a consumer to navigate an API more easily. An example may be to use /devices to list all devices and /devices/:id to list the attributes of a particular device.

> Although this advice is given on the [RESTful resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/) it details a recommended approach to help regardless on type of API (RESTful, GraphQL etc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although this advice is given on the [RESTful resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/) it details a recommended approach to help regardless of the type of API (RESTful, GraphQL etc).
```

> ### You MUST include some way to observe your API 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### You MUST include some way to observe your API
```

When maintaining an API we must have a way to make sure that is in good health and there is a way to trace activity.

> It is recommended that logs are used however the sensitivity of the data logged must also be considered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Application logs that are sent to an aggregation service are recommended for this. Review [the securing application logging pattern](https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/patterns/securing-application-logging/) if your requests or responses could contain sensitive information.
```

### You MUST validate inputs

Input validation is the process of verifying data entered into the API by other systems or users. The aim is to prevent invalid, malicious or malformed inputs. This increases the security of your API if you check for exploits such as [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/) and [injection attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Theory) among others.

Making sure database queries are also secure from malicious actors by using parameterised queries is also important to make your API secure.

### You MUST consider authentication and authorisation

Authentication and authorisation are really important for API, this can mean restricting certain tasks or functions to a limited number of users. A user should have the least privilege possible. Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is an example of how to implement this.

> ### You MUST test your API 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### You MUST test your API
```

You should test your API, there's more information on the developer testing standard.

This helps keep code to a high quality and helps gain assurance that your API is working correctly and can be deployed safely to production.

Using integration tests, checking errors and status codes can help maintain quality within your API and build confidence that all is working as expected.

Load testing is also important to make sure your API handles the projected number of users that your API will handle.

### You MUST consider scalability of your API

Knowing how your API scales helps to make sure your API is resilient and can handle peaks of traffic.

> A stateless API means that the cliant is responsible for providing information about authantication etc. In turn, this means an application can then scale easily horizontally, as it doesn't matter which instance a client connects to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A stateless API means that the client is responsible for providing information about authentication etc. In turn, this means an application can then scale easily horizontally, as it doesn't matter which instance a client connects to.
```

> Using other techniques such as asynchronous code, multithreading and an event driven approach can also help scale an API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using techniques such as asynchronous code, multithreading or an event driven approach can help scale an API.
```

### You MUST use an API Specification

> Using an API Specification will help define your API endpoints, support is wide, with a wide community using it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Using an API Specification will help define your API endpoints and is widely supported by a large community.
```

> A good example is using OpenAPI Swagger to help build, maintain and document your API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example is using [OpenAPI (previously Swagger)](https://www.openapis.org/) to help build, maintain and document your API.
```

It's important that the correct status codes are used as these are recognisable codes and can make it easier to debug for any consumers.

The Mozilla Foundation has a [definitive list of status codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status), and what they mean and do.

### You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names

Your API resources must follow RESTful resource naming standards as outlined on the restful API [resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/).

### You MUST include some way to observe your API 

When maintaining an API we must have a way to make sure that is in good health and there is a way to trace activity.

It is recommended that logs are used however the sensitivity of the data logged must also be considered.

Metrics is also a good way to understand the current state of your API, as developers will be able to track and observe in real time any issues or downtime via alerts that can be set up.

There's some useful info on the [GOV.UK GDS guidance](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/gds-api-technical-and-data-standards#operate-your-api).

> ### You MUST consider security
> 
> Considering security will help keep your API secure and up to date, things like updating dependencies, IT health checks and considering what happens to user data will help here. The [security principles and standards](https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/tags/security/) should help you to understand more of what is required.

Author: ```suggestion
### You MUST consider security

Considering security will help keep your API secure and up to date, things like updating dependencies, IT health checks and considering what happens to user data will help here. The [security principles and standards](https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/tags/security/) should help you to understand more of what is required.

### You MUST consider authentication and authorisation
```

Author: Talk about authentication i.e. login, and authorisation i.e. least privilege, RBAC etc.

### You MUST test your API 

You should test your API, there's more information on the developer testing standard.

This helps keep code to a high quality and helps gain assurance that your API is working correctly and can be deployed safely to production.

Using unit, contract, and NFR testing helps give an overall picture on the quality of your API.

### You MUST consider scalability of your API

Knowing how your API scales helps to make sure your API is resilient, can handle peaks of traffic.

Often using stateless approach to designing an API can help horizontally scale an API.

### You MUST consider using microservices

Using microservices can help scaling parts of your API independently it also helps shorten your path to live as you can deploy apps separately. So only the app with changes can be deployed.

If your API isn't suitable for using microservices, then using a monolithic API may be required.

### You MUST cache responses when appropriate

Caching will help reduce load on your API, give the user a better service as it will be quicker. However, caching should not be included on endpoints with any sensitive data or authenication methods.

> ### You MUST use OpenAPI Swagger v3

Author: ```suggestion
### You MUST use OpenAPI Swagger (latest available or compatible) 
```

> Any new APIs must use Swagger v3, using it will help defining an API before it's implemented, support is wide, with a wide community using it. It helps the team work to the same standards, and it can generate documentation when needed.

Author: ```suggestion
Any new APIs must use Swagger, using it will help defining an API before it's implemented, support is wide, with a wide community using it. It helps the team work to the same standards, and it can generate documentation when needed.

You should use the latest version of swagger if possible, if not, the last version compatible with your API.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
### You MUST validate inputs 
```

---
layout: standard
order: 1
title: Designing and Maintaining an API
date: 2024-05-07
id: SEGAS-XXX
tags:
  - Software design
  - API Design
related:
  sections:
    - title: Related links
      items:
        - text: Minimal documentation set for a product
          href: /standards/minimal-documentation-set-for-a-product/
        - text: How to document APIs
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/how-to-document-apis
        - text: Writing API Reference Documentation
          href: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/writing-api-reference-documentation
---

---

## Requirement(s)

- [You MUST include a form of versioning to your API](#you-must-include-a-form-of-versioning-to-your-api)
- [You MUST have appropriate status codes returning from each endpoint](#you-must-have-appropriate-status-codes-returning-from-each-endpoint)
- [You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names](#you-must-use-appropriate-nouns-for-resource-names)
- [You MUST include some way to observe your API](#you-must-include-some-way-to-observe-your-api)

> - [You MUST consider security](#you-must-consider-security)

Author: Update to match headings

- [You MUST validate inputs](#you-must-validate-inputs)
- [You MUST consider authentication and authorisation](#you-must-consider-authentication-and-authorisation)
- [You MUST test your API](#you-must-test-your-api)
- [You MUST consider scalability of your API](#you-must-consider-scalability-of-your-api)
- [You MUST use an API Specification](#you-must-use-an-api-specification)

> ### You MUST include a form of versioning to your API 

Author: ```suggestion
### You MUST include a form of versioning to your API and consider how you may deprecate a version
```

It's important that the correct status codes are used as these are recognisable codes and can make it easier to debug for any consumers.

The Mozilla Foundation has a [definitive list of status codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status), and what they mean and do.

### You MUST use appropriate nouns for resource names

Your API resources must follow RESTful resource naming standards as outlined on the restful API [resource naming page](https://restfulapi.net/resource-naming/).

### You MUST include some way to observe your API 

When maintaining an API we must have a way to make sure that is in good health and there is a way to trace activity.

It is recommended that logs are used however the sensitivity of the data logged must also be considered.

Metrics is also a good way to understand the current state of your API, as developers will be able to track and observe in real time any issues or downtime via alerts that can be set up.

There's some useful info on the [GOV.UK GDS guidance](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/gds-api-technical-and-data-standards#operate-your-api).

> ### You MUST consider security

Author: ```suggestion
### You MUST apply security best practices
```

Considering security will help keep your API secure and up to date, things like updating dependencies, IT health checks and considering what happens to user data will help here. The [security principles and standards](https://engineering.homeoffice.gov.uk/tags/security/) should help you to understand more of what is required.

### You MUST validate inputs

> Input validation is the processing a verifying data entered into the API by other systems or users. The aim is to prevent invalid, malicious or malformed inputs. This increases the security of your API if you check for exploits such as [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/) and [injection attacks](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Theory) among others.

Author: Should we mention stored procedures.

### You MUST consider authentication and authorisation

Authentication and authorisation could be really important for your API, this can mean restricting certain tasks or functions to a limited number of users. A user should have the least privilege possible. Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is an example of how to implement this.

### You MUST test your API 

> You should test your API, there's more information on the developer testing standard.

Author: Add something about load testing.

This helps keep code to a high quality and helps gain assurance that your API is working correctly and can be deployed safely to production.

Using integration tests, checking errors and status codes can help maintain quality within your API and build confidence that all is working as expected.

### You MUST consider scalability of your API

Knowing how your API scales helps to make sure your API is resilient, can handle peaks of traffic.

Often using stateless approach to designing an API can help horizontally scale an API. Using techniques such as asynchronous code, multithreading and an event driven approach can all help scale your API.

### You MUST use an API Specification

> Using an API Specification will help defining an API before it's implemented, support is wide, with a wide community using it. It helps the team work to the same standards, and it can generate documentation when needed.

Author: ```suggestion
Using an API Specification will help define your API endpoints, support is wide, with a wide community using it. It helps the team work to the same standards, and it can generate documentation when needed.
```
